implementation of fail-fast option for copy-from statement (#11607)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/copy-from.rst

default value is 10000.

.. _sql-copy-from-fail_fast:

``fail_fast``
'''''''''''''

> If enabled, the ``COPY FROM`` operation will abort early after an error. This
> is best effort and due to the distributed execution, it may still continue
> processing records before it aborts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A boolean value indicating if the ``COPY FROM`` operation should abort early after an error. This
is best effort and due to the distributed execution, it may continue
processing some records before it aborts.

Defaults to ``false``.
```

default value is 10000.

.. _sql-copy-from-fail_fast:

``fail_fast``
'''''''''''''

With this option set to true, CrateDB will check for any errors at the end of
each batch processing, specified by the
:ref:`bulk_size <sql-copy-from-bulk_size>`. Any occurrences of the errors will
trigger the execution to terminate that will prevent executing further while

> completing any in-flight executions normally.

Reviewer: I think this mentions too many implementation details.  This could be trimmed down to something like "If enabled, the COPY FROM operation will abort early after an error. This is best effort and due to the distributed execution, it may still continue processing some records before it aborts.

Author: Thanks, this is very concise nothing more to add. :+1:
